well howdy there Internet big balloons
bow again so we're gonna talk about
snapping yeah food stamps after that
last video where I talked about the cost
of living people like well there's
another loophole that needs to be closed
you know
most states ignore the asset requirement
millionaires got food stamps yeah okay
so we're gonna talk about that there's a
reason that most states ignore this this
requirement and it is most states I want
to say like 30 or more just ignore it
the asset requirement as set out by the
federal government is two thousand two
hundred fifty bucks if you have two
thousand two hundred fifty dollars in
assets well you don't get food
assistance two thousand two hundred and
fifty bucks some cases that includes
your car if your car is worth a bit more
than like forty five hundred dollars or
something like that so here's a question
what are you supposed to have set away
for emergencies and stuff like that if
you ask your banker what is he gonna
tell you what is she gonna tell you
three to six months of your yearly
income you're supposed to have set away
that's what you need to be financially
independent most Americans don't have
that in fact 40% of Americans cannot
handle a $400 emergency so what happens
to our person on snap okay so they're
getting assistance they start to get
ahead they put away some money they hit
that two thousand two hundred fifty
dollar mark and then they lose the
assistance what happens next
they eat through that savings guy from
MIT did a wrote a book and basically it
takes 20 years under the current system
with nothing going wrong to get out of
poverty 20 years a generation
the United States a pretty powerful
country I think we can do better than
that you know and when you talk about
these millionaires this millionaire that
when did this yeah he had assets he had
a retirement count home things like that
but he had no income here's the thing
our retirement account in a home those
are things that everybody's supposed to
have that's not something that's just
supposed to be the purview of the
wealthy but they've got you thinking it
is they've got you thinking that you
should have to work until the day you
die that you need to pay them to rent
you shouldn't have any assets what is
the purpose of these programs that's the
actual question we need to be asking
here what is the purpose why do we have
them is it to keep people just above the
poverty line because if we apply all of
these means tests that's what happens
they can never get out if that's the
purpose then we just need to get rid of
them we need to get wrap them and let
nature take its course because what's
gonna happen is when people fall into
poverty and you have 40 million
Americans on snap 40 million Americans
oh that's a movement I'll talk about the
pitchforks coming they'll show up real
quick
being hungry has a way of doing that to
people so if the goal is just to keep
people in poverty let's just get rid of
it but if the goal is to actually help
people if the goal is to build a
stronger country well then maybe we
should get rid of the means tests all
together all of them
nope a person no that's crazy not really
the average payout for snap per person
is 126 bucks there's a built-in means
test it's a snap if it is worth it to
you for a hundred and twenty six dollars
a month to go through the trouble to
fill out the paperwork to go through
this process you probably need it if
you're willing to deal with the social
stigma that comes from using that card
for a hundred and twenty six dollars a
month you probably need it there's a
built-in means test so just get rid of
it but then people who aren't really
needy
well they might they might use it you're
right worst case scenario somebody in
the middle-class eats a little better
who cares who cares this is such a tiny
chunk of the federal budget it's amazing
that it's even a topic it's not amazing
because there's a reason it keeps coming
up if the goal is to build a stronger
about the country expand snap don't
close it see here's the thing and I
don't know that people are aware of this
Snap is not just a safety net program
it's also an economic stimulus program
if it's a weak economy which is when and
where most snap gets spent for every
dollar that's spent it expands the
economy by a dollar and seventy cents
it's not a drain on the economy it's a
benefit to it so let's just get rid of
the means test and allow people to
access it and watch those people on the
bottom start to move up get rid of the
barriers allow them to get that 126
bucks until they're making 30 grand a
year instead of 12 let's get them out of
being just above the poverty line
that should be the goal but we can't do
that because well there's another factor
this isn't about the budget the amount
of money we're talking about here is
nothing it's nothing in the grand scheme
of things it's nothing it's about
controlling yield it's about the people
at the top making sure that you know
that if you fall down here you're never
getting out if you're in the middle
class so you better keep working you
better thank thank me for that job I've
given you you better not get in a
situation that requires any help because
then you're never getting out it also
gives you a carrot that's the stick it
has a carrot to look you're better than
these people and it gives these
politicians somebody to point to they're
the source of your problems those people
at the bottom those people with exactly
zero lobbying power they're the reason
you're having a bad time when you say
that and you say it out loud you realize
exactly how stupid that is
the decisions that affect you are not
made in section 8 housing they're made
on Capitol Hill
stop kicking down punch up it's not
these people
that are going to keep you from your
dreams but instead what those at the top
do with their their pundits in the media
is sell you on the idea that if you're a
good boy and you do what you're supposed
to one day you're gonna own the boot
that's on somebody else's neck no you
won't you won't every chart shows that
income inequality is growing people at
the bottom they can't take anymore from
them
who they taking it from me and you
they're taking it from the middle you
allow this to go on you don't break free
of this you keep blaming the people that
have no power for the problems in your
life you're gonna be one of those with
no power it's just a matter of time you
look at the charts it's not a question
of if it's a question of when because
you're not gonna float to the top it's
not gonna happen everybody in this
country is a temporarily embarrassed
millionaire it's not true we can express
some solidarity with those people who
are in a bad way
and we can help them or we can become
one of them
remember what the purpose of these
programs is supposed to be it's not to
keep people poor it's not to give you
somebody to look down on it's supposed
to be to help people and let's say you
don't care about that I'm gonna give you
a selfish region to to change this
program and make it more accessible
rather than less accessible as it stands
you're not getting off you can't get off
the program once you're on it if you
play by the rules you'll never be able
to have enough in savings to actually
get out of poverty which means you're
gonna pay for the rest of your life if
you're in the middle and this program
isn't changed to make it more accessible
not less accessible you will pay for it
the rest of your life so there's your
selfish reason for the altruistic people
out there expand the program don't shut
it down
make it more accessible if it's worth it
to you to go through that headache for a
hundred and twenty six dollars a month
you need the money
that's the means test anyway it's just a
fault y'all have a good day